Youssef Fahim
55 boulevard Jourdan
75014, Paris
France
♂¶obile-alt+33 651701820
/envel⌢pefahimyoussef@hotmail.fr
Agoda
Data Scientist Job PositionSeptember 2, 2023
Dear Sir or Dear Madam,
Graduated in 2020 with a Master of Science degree in Data Science and Engineering at
T´ el´ ecom Paris, I am applying for a data-scientist job position.
One of the reasons I chose to study data science is that it allows to find solutions to the
business challenges of our era. Agoda, by enabling its customers to process and analyze data,
participates in the search for new solutions in the travel booking area. Therefore working in
Agoda in different projects would fulfill me both professionally and personally.
Thanks to my academic background and my work experience, I have acquired strong analytical
skills and business knowledge with the ability to work in a competitive environment.
Indeed, I am a business-oriented professional with 3+ years of industry experience in delivering
valuable insights via data analytics and data-driven methods. Through my different
experiences, I have discovered various domains in which I developed end-to-end machine
learning solutions with strong business impact.
Among my experiences, I had the opportunity to work on a medical-oriented research project
in computer vision at Inria where I developed a state-of-the-art deep learning model to predict
a person’s body mass directly from single-shot facial images.
Moreover, I worked as a data scientist intern at the Institut Louis Bachelier DataLab. There, I
have been afforded the opportunity to work on challenging data science industrial projects such
as credit default risk prediction, sales forecasting through time series analysis.
Following my internship, I worked as a data science consultant at Sia Partners. There, I
sharpened my soft skills by working closely and communicating to various stakeholders up to
executive level to facilitate business decisions.
I am currently working as a data scientist in the Digital Team at Sanofi. I discovered how data
could drive impact to the healthcare industry by working on different missions (market access,
pricing strategies) under an agile environment.
Such an opportunity would give me the chance to apply my analytical skills and expand my
business knowledge by working on demanding and interesting projects and collaborating with
professionals who share my passions.
Sincerely yours,
Youssef Fahim